QW0101: [Required] always allowed on Properties/Fields for JSON serializable models (#93)
Qowaiv/qowaiv-analyzers: rules/QW0101.md

> for value types except for `Nullable<T>`. The use of the `[Required]` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[Required]` attribute checks if the value is not null. This is always false
for value types except for `Nullable<T>`. The use of the `[Required]` attribute
```
